JS: Add change note for js/missing-await (#2616)
Semmle/ql: change-notes/1.24/analysis-javascript.md

|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Cross-site scripting through exception (`js/xss-through-exception`) | security, external/cwe/cwe-079, external/cwe/cwe-116              | Highlights potential XSS vulnerabilities where an exception is written to the DOM. Results are not shown on LGTM by default. |
| Regular expression always matches (`js/regex/always-matches`) | correctness, regular-expressions | Highlights regular expression checks that trivially succeed by matching an empty substring. Results are shown on LGTM by default. |

> | Missing await (`js/missing-await`) | correctness | Highlights expressions that operate directly on a promise object in a non-sensical way, instead of awaiting its result. Results are shown on LGTM by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Missing await (`js/missing-await`) | correctness | Highlights expressions that operate directly on a promise object in a nonsensical way, instead of awaiting its result. Results are shown on LGTM by default. |
```
